chore: document `spb_{en,de}code` and deprecate older variants (#3140)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/data-integration/sparkplug.md

## Sparkplug B Data Format

Sparkplug B utilizes a well-defined payload structure to standardize data communication. At its core, it employs [Protocol Buffers (Protobuf)](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers) for structuring Sparkplug messages, resulting in lightweight, efficient, and flexible data interchange.

EMQX offers advanced support for Sparkplug B through the [Schema Registry](./schema-registry.md) feature. With the Schema Registry, you can create custom encoders and decoders for various data formats, including Sparkplug B. By defining the [appropriate Sparkplug B schema](https://github.com/eclipse/tahu/blob/46f25e79f34234e6145d11108660dfd9133ae50d/sparkplug_b/sparkplug_b.proto) in the registry, you can use the `schema_decode` and `schema_encode` functions in EMQX's rule engine to access and manipulate data adhering to the specified format.

Additionally, EMQX offers built-in support for Sparkplug B, eliminating the need for the schema registry for this specific format. The `spb_encode` and `spb_decode` functions are readily available in EMQX, simplifying the encoding and decoding of Sparkplug B messages within the rule engine.

:::: tip

> The previous versions of these functions, `sparkplug_encode` and `sparkplug_decode`, have been deprecated.  Please switch to using `spb_encode` and `spb_decode`, respectively.

Reviewer: Please state the reason of deprecation.
```suggestion
The previous `sparkplug_encode` and `sparkplug_decode` functions are deprecated because their handling of `bytes_value` was incompatible with the Sparkplug specification.
Please use the updated `spb_encode` and `spb_decode` functions instead.
```
